# Meeting Report - December 13, 2023
## Content
Today the most important meeting to date took place. I had arranged to meet Steff at the coworking space in Leuven, where we were to dial in together on a meeting with Claudia. After almost a month of working on a first basis for the final dashboard configurator, it was time to gather feedback on it so that work on the final product could begin. I had asked Claudia and Steff to discuss together how they saw various things, what graphics they would like to see implemented and what still needed to be adjusted/changed. Claudia had sent me a document beforehand with all this bundled, so that I could go through it before the meeting.
 
We went over everything in detail, and over the next few weeks I can focus on implementing a lot of new functions. I like to divide the work to be done into 3 different sections: Global filters, dynamic multi-pager & added graphs/funcitionalities. The intention is to concentrate on the latter first, after which I can see if I can get the multi-pager and global filters implemented. This was not very clear from the beginning, and I fear that a lot of rewriting will be required to get this functionalities working. I communicated this to them as well, and they were also completely in agreement in the given of taking the safe bet and start working on the graphs/functionalities first. 

I have nicely listed everything that needs to be done and am convinced that I'll deliver a nicely finished product before the deadline of January 15.